<h1>{COMPANY} - Full Integration Guide</h1>

<p>End-to-end setup for the AIOPS skills against <strong>{COMPANY}</strong>'s Atlassian site at <code>{SITE}</code>.</p>

<h2>1. Generate credentials</h2>
<ol>
  <li>API token: <a href="https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens">id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens</a></li>
  <li>Note the email address tied to the token (must be the user's account email).</li>
  <li>GitHub PAT (for plugin sync): <a href="https://github.com/settings/tokens">github.com/settings/tokens</a> - needs <code>repo</code> scope.</li>
</ol>

<h2>2. Configure local <code>.credentials</code></h2>
<ac:structured-macro ac:name="code">
  <ac:parameter ac:name="language">bash</ac:parameter>
  <ac:plain-text-body><![CDATA[ATLASSIAN_API_URL={ATLASSIAN_API_URL}
ATLASSIAN_API_EMAIL=<your-email>
ATLASSIAN_API_TOKEN=<api-token>
GITHUB_PAT=<github-pat>

# Optional defaults
ATLASSIAN_CONFLUENCE_SPACE_ID={SPACE_ID}
ATLASSIAN_JIRA_PROJECT_KEY={PROJECT_KEY}
]]></ac:plain-text-body>
</ac:structured-macro>

<h2>3. Verify connectivity</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Run <code>/core:setup</code> - performs health checks against Confluence, Jira, GitHub.</li>
  <li>Run <code>/atlassian:project-status</code> - read-only Jira call to confirm project access.</li>
</ol>

<h2>4. First write</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Run <code>/atlassian:session-log</code> - creates a Confluence page from a draft.</li>
  <li>Confirm the published page has full storage formatting (headings, code, tables).</li>
</ol>

<h2>5. Common gotchas</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Email mismatch with token → <strong>401</strong>. Use the email of the account that minted the token.</li>
  <li>Wrong space id → page lands in wrong space. Always pass <code>space-id={SPACE_ID}</code> on lookups.</li>
  <li>Missing version bump on update → <strong>409</strong>. Skills handle this automatically; manual API users must GET first.</li>
</ul>
